Ljubljana, Slovenia<br/>
That is the city every human always dreams of. Small population of about two hundred thousand people makes the city a vibrant, cozy capital. There is a big castle just above the city, which makes the square called ‘Kongresni Trg’ feel like an entrance to the holy greatness of what is lying ahead. The architecture has established a connection between Krakow and Vienna, two major European cities, which made a big impact on the style. The gothic, more Viennese, style is possible to experience in the central districts, whereas the suburbs feel more like Krakow. However, all of these styles are strengthened by another important part, which are the canals. During the city planning process a famous artist from Italy was brought to Ljubljana, in order to recreate the most beautiful parts of Venice, which resulted in the city having an authentic riverside. I have experienced my first real English test during the first visit, as I had to stand and speak to the people, that didn’t really know Polish language. I was astonished by how many significant people from Poland were actually involved in the country creation process. Many of these people later stayed in Slovenia, giving their population an important boost, intellectual development later on. Finally, I was delighted by a nice girl that I have met during my second visit in the city. She gave me a tour that I will never forget. It was two years ago and I still remember the last evening I had to say goodbye to her. I hope to see the city and the girl again.